OK, so the area is looking really good, and the last thing I'll mention about what we just washes.
There's a lot of subtle time remapping throughout this sequence.
So you can see where there's these diagonals.
That's where I was changing the speed at some of these clips.
So if you watch it back, just pay attention to where you're seeing.
Yeah, here we have one right here.
We have one right here.
So you'll see that it'll be normal speed and it'll go right before a cut happens.
So if I have you're seeing the visual and it goes for the next visual that I cut to.
We'll go.
Does that make sense to one's going to speed up into the next shot and then the next shot is going to
slow down to normal speed?
So with that in mind, watch the sequence again.
Oh, OK.
And why was I doing the time remapping speeding up of the footage is because, like I said, this is
the highest energy part of our clip.
The faster the editing pacing in this edit, the faster the speed in the clip, the more energetic the
clips feel, especially because everything in this project specifically was shot in slow motion.
So when we speed that up, it feels like extra energy moving forward.